It's true that villains do more in their youth.
It seems that the Zhang family was disqualified yesterday.
Aren't you enough?
You mean. Yesterday our Zhang family was deprived of the powerful man who was disliked by the powerful people.
It's you.
Do you believe everything you say?
You don’t even look at it.
If you take a woman to have a meal, you will be kicked out.
Soup. A powerful man.
Do you believe it? What about men?
Come and leave as you say.
You guys?
Listen I did the damage
Should you
It seems that he doesn't dare to deal with this kind of Hoth.
Ten minutes made Zhang Bancheng very angry
You want me to give you a call
Will Zhang Bancheng be unable to come within ten minutes?